BUILDING POCKET ISR
-------------------

Pocket ISR must be built on an x86-based Fedora system.  Building consists
of two steps:

- "make" will build the Pocket ISR packages and create a Yum repository
in the OUTDIR directory, which is output/ by default.  OUTDIR can be set
on the Make command line to write the repository to a different directory
instead.

- "make iso" will build the Pocket ISR ISO image, placing the result into
the OUTDIR directory.  This must be run as root.  By default, "make iso"
will build the ISO with Pocket ISR packages from the official repository,
not from the output directory we just built.  Passing LOCALREPO=1 on the
Make command line will use the OUTDIR directory instead.

Note that the top-level Makefile is entirely composed of phony targets that
build RPM packages and the ISO image.  Where applicable, individual
subdirectories have their own build infrastructure for the corresponding
sources.

MAKE VARIABLES
--------------

These can be set on the Make command line or by defining them in local.mk.

OUTDIR
	The directory that will hold the generated Yum repositories and ISO
	image.  The default is output/.

CACHE
	The directory in which livecd-creator will cache downloaded RPMs.
	The default is iso/cache.

LOCALREPO
	If set to 1, "make iso" will use packages from the OUTDIR directory
	rather than the official Pocket ISR repository.

TESTING
-------

"make mount" as root from the iso/ directory will mount the generated
ISO image and its component filesystem images at iso/mount_iso,
iso/mount_squash, and iso/mount_ext3.  "make unmount" will reverse the
process.

livecd-iso-to-disk can be used to make a bootable USB key from the
generated ISO image.

COMPONENTS AND THEIR LICENSES
-----------------------------

artwork/
	Desktop backgrounds and other artwork for Pocket ISR.
	Built into the pocket-isr-artwork package.
	Released under CC-BY-SA.

iso/
	Kickstart and build infrastructure for Pocket ISR ISO image.
	Released under the GPLv2.

repo/
	Repository configuration for the Pocket ISR official repository.
	Built into the pocket-isr-release package.
	Released under the GPLv2.

tools/
	Tools and startup scripts for Pocket ISR.
	Built into the pocket-isr-tools package.
	Released under the GPLv2.

virtualbox/
	RPM packaging for VirtualBox OSE.
	VirtualBox itself is not included in the repository, but is fetched
	at build time.  VirtualBox OSE is released under the GPLv2, with
	some parts dual-licensed under the CDDL.
	Built into the virtualbox-ose-3.0 package.
	The packaging is released under the GPLv2.
